https://codepen.io/vanessa-dixon/pen/bGdzpwE?editors=1100



    1. What is Semantic HTML? gives meaning to code.

    2. What is HTML used for? HTML is used for markingup the text. It is the layout of the application.

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? attibute is value. It can be placed an element tag.

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? used for making text the most important on the page. How many times should I use it on a page? only once.

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? meta tags, title, open graph tags

    7. What is an id? a css selector.

    8. What elements can I add an id to? any

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? once

    10. What is a class? css selector that weigh more than universal but less than id, inline, embedded

    11. What elements can I add a class to? any

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? unlimited

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab? 

    14. What is the alt attribute used for? describes the image

    15. How do I reference an id? #name

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div section have semantic meaning and div are non semantic. div are only used for presentation section are good for SEO ranking.

    17. What is CSS used for? styling markup

    18. How do we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page we select an element by it's tag name for instance h2 {}.

    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one. a class can be used several times on a page an ID can only be used once per page. I would use an id if I wanted to link to the pages. I would use a class if I want to select multiple things.

    20. How do we select classes in CSS? .classname

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””? .human p

    22. What is a parent child selector? parent child selector is when the child inherence from the parent. 

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar? .sidebar

    24. What is a pseudo selector? a selector that has a colon in it a:hover

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines? line-height

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters? letter-spacing

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize? text-transform

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black? border: 1px dotted black

    29. How do I select everything on the page? universal selector *

    30. How do I write a comment in CSS? /*  */

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? pwd

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder? ls

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line?  Why do I have to be careful with this? because you can't get it back. 
    34. Why should I use version control? so it can track changes and make sure we are not working on the latest version if you are on a team.

    35. How often should I commit to github? everytime you get something working or every 20 to 30 minutes.

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? ggit push -u origin branch-name 


Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element? inline only take up the space that it needs and block starts on a new line and take up the full width

    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? position absolute to its first positioned parent

    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 

    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default display block div, header, from display inline span,a,strong 
  
